[DOCS] Synced with stack upgrade changes (#124744)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/upgrade.asciidoc

[[upgrade]]
== Upgrade {kib}

To upgrade from 7.16 or earlier to {version}, 

> **you must first upgrade to {prev-major-last}**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**You must first upgrade to {prev-major-last}**.
```

This enables you to use the Upgrade Assistant to

> {stack-ref}/upgrading-stack.html#prepare-to-upgrade[prepare to upgrade].

Author: ```suggestion
{stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html#prepare-to-upgrade[prepare to upgrade].
```

You must resolve all critical issues identified by the Upgrade Assistant
before proceeding with the upgrade. 

{kib} does not support rolling upgrades. 

> You must shut down all Kibana instances, install the new software, and restart Kibana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must shut down all {kib} instances, install the new software, and restart {kib}.
```

Upgrading while older {kib} instances are running can cause data loss or upgrade failures.

[WARNING]
====
{kib} automatically runs <<saved-object-migrations, saved object migrations>> 
when required. 

> To roll back to an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case of an upgrade failure, you can roll back to an
```

> earlier version in case of an upgrade failure, you **must** have a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
earlier version of {kib}. To roll back, you **must** have a
```

{ref}/snapshot-restore.html[backup snapshot] that includes the `kibana` feature
state. Snapshots include this feature state by default.
====

For more information about upgrading, 

> see {stack-ref}/upgrading-stack.html[Upgrading to Elastic {version}.]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
refer to {stack-ref}/upgrading-stack.html[Upgrading to Elastic {version}.]
```

> refer to {stack-ref}/upgrading-stack.html[Upgrading to Elastic {version}.]

Author: ```suggestion
refer to {stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[Upgrading to Elastic {version}.]
```

IMPORTANT: You can upgrade to pre-release versions for testing, 

> but upgrading from a pre-release to the final GA version is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but upgrading from a pre-release to the General Available version is not supported.
```
